Updating contributors guide (#134)
grafana/shared-workflows: CONTRIBUTING.md

4. **Make Changes:** Make your desired changes to the codebase.

5. **Write Tests:** Where it makes sense, please add tests. See `actions/techdocs-rewrite-relative-links` as an example.

> 6. **Document Changes:** Document your changes in a `README.md` file. Try to follow the examples set forward in other Readmes.

Reviewer: nit: https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/write/style-guide/word-list/#readme

```suggestion
6. **Document Changes:** Document your changes in a `README.md` file. Try to follow the examples set forward in other READMEs.
```

7. **Commit Changes:** Commit your changes with clear and concise commit messages.

8. **Push Changes:** Push your changes to your forked repository.

9. **Submit a Pull Request:** Submit a pull request to the main repository. Ensure that your pull request is detailed and includes information about the changes made.

10. **Check CI:** Check your pull request to verify that any CI processes are passing.

> 11. **Review Process:** Your pull request will be reviewed by Grafana's platform-productivity squad. Make any requested changes or address any feedback during this process.

Reviewer: nit: In this case I think we are talking about Grafana Labs

```suggestion
11. **Review Process:** Your pull request will be reviewed by the Grafana Labs' platform-productivity squad. Make any requested changes or address any feedback during this process.
```

somewhat related: we should generally avoid product possessives (https://github.com/grafana/writers-toolkit/blob/main/vale/Grafana/ProductPossessives.yml) but here we are not talking about a product.

> 12. **Contributor License Agreement (CLA):** Before we can accept your pull request, you need to sign [Grafana's CLA](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/developers/cla/). If you haven't, our CLA assistant prompts you to when you create your pull request.

Reviewer: nit: I don't think it's our CLA assistant (https://grafana.com/docs/writers-toolkit/review/cla-assistant/)

Reviewer: I don't think you need both links, I only included it as a citation that it's not "our CLA assistant". It seems like we have our own CLA but not our own CLA assistant if I'm understanding correctly.

Author: Oh, I see what you're saying. I didn't catch that.

I think I'm going to leave it as is for the time being because it matches what's in the `grafana/grafana` contributor's guide, but we can revisit in a future PR.

Thanks for taking the time to review and clarify!
